[Music]
The day
[Laughter]
The heavenly beings rejoice at the
Great Enlightenment, the Buddha
goes to save the
suffering of sentient beings
[Laughter]
The world
[Music]
In the middle of the forest and city, the flower blossoms, the
profound enlightenment of sentient beings. The
Buddha takes
seven steps, the Red Lotus lifts the child, one hand pointing to the sky, the other to the
earth, raising his voice. Majestic, Heavenly and Earthly, only hungry ghosts remain.
On
the day of the second month, the heavenly beings
rejoice, welcoming the enlightenment, the suffering of sentient beings, the
Buddha Shakyamuni,
the day of the second month of
April. Remembering the many questions, the enlightenment, the cries of the Buddha Shakyamuni.
[Music]
In the middle of the forest and city, the flower blossoms, the
profound enlightenment of sentient beings, the Buddha takes
seven
steps, the Red Lotus lifts the child,
one hand pointing to the sky, the other to the
earth, raising his voice. Majestic, Heavenly and Earthly, only hungry ghosts remain.
On the day of the second month of April, the heavenly beings rejoice, the enlightenment of sentient beings, the cries of the suffering of sentient beings. The
Buddha Shakyamuni, the
day of the second month of April, the heavenly beings rejoice, the enlightenment of sentient beings, the suffering of sentient beings.  A small group remembering the enlightenment of
life, welcoming the stone, calling out, asking for the mortar, the
Buddha Shakyamuni
[music]
Singing in the forest, displaying the beauty of the flower, the color of the pine,
worthy of enlightenment. The group of beings, the mortar, the world, the suffering of sentient beings, the
Buddha. The group of beings, taking
seven steps,
raising one hand, wisdom of heaven, one foot, the
earth, giving a voice. Majestic, Heavenly and
Earthly, I alone. On the day of the month of April,
humanity and heaven rejoice. Worthy of
enlightenment, worthy of suffering, the
group of beings, the Buddha Shakyamuni, on
the day of the month of April, a small
group remembering the enlightenment of life,
standing, calling out. The group of beings, the mortar, the
Buddha Shakyamuni,
Buddha Shakyamuni, Buddha Shakyamuni,
Buddha
Shakyamuni
[music]
[Applause]
K
[music]